Hurt me, you are playing with me, right?
Wu Zhenting
I know our status is at stake
special
But you can't treat me like a pleasure worker
I warn you
Don't appear in my sight
Vegetable Mommy, don't you want Doudou Doudou
I'm your mother, let me go
Vegetables
Let me explain.
What's there to explain?
I admit that I meant to lie to you at first
I suspect your intentions are impure
So I deliberately pretended to be poor and wanted to trick you into leaving me
Leave Doudou
And?
Later, I gradually fell in love with you
The reason why I didn't identify myself
It's because I know you hate Gu Zhengting
I'm afraid you know who I am
You will leave me
cub
I am sincere to you.
I never thought of you as a doll
You lied to me.
I can't forgive a liar
Vegetables
I was wrong, give me another chance.
Shall we start over?
Not good Guo Zhenting
I warn you.
Don't bother me anymore
Let's save ourselves some dignity
I'm leaving, don't be sad anymore.
I don't want to say anything in my heart